 eternal. and ever-changing, varied, many, “are Snape, said Arts,” Dark “The
 view. in him keep to necks their craned class the voice; lower a in now speaking room, the of edge the around off set Snape
advanced.” more be will which work, N.E.W.T. the with up keep to manage you of all if surprised more even be shall I
 subject. this in O.W.L. an scraped you of many so surprised am I confusion this Given
 priorities. and methods own their had have all will teachers these “Naturally,
scathingly. Harry thought next, be you’d hoping go, and come all them watched haven’t you believe…like You
 believe.” I far, so subject this in teachers five had have “You
else’s. anyone than Harry’s on longer second a of fraction a for lingering faces, upturned their over roved eyes black His
attention.” fullest your want I and you, to speak to wish “I
 chair. her under it stowed and bag her into back Faceless the Confronting of copy her dropped hastily Hermione desk; his behind from class the face to moving and door the closing Snape, said books,” your out take to you asked not have “I
pictures. gruesome shadowy, the at around looking down, settled they as spoke Nobody
 parts. body contorted strangely or injuries grisly sporting pain, in be to appeared who people showing them of many walls, the adorned pictures New
candlelight. by lit was and windows, the over drawn been had curtains as usual, than gloomier was it already; room the upon personality his imposed had Snape
 entered. they as around looked Harry
said. he “Inside,”
immediately. queue the over fell Silence
 hair. black greasy of curtains two by ever as framed face sallow his corridor, the into stepped Snape and spoke, she as opened door classroom The
loads.” us gives Snape bet “I
 resentfully. said she wait,” “You
Ron. yawned “Shame,”
Wednesday!” by these read to got I’ve and translations, two essay, fifteen-inch “A
 her. joined Ron and Harry when anxiously said she Runes,” for homework much so got “We
put-upon. looking and books heavy of armful an carrying outside, queuing already was Hermione
 below. floors four classroom Arts Dark the Against Defense the for room common sunlit the left reluctantly they later hour An
close. too came it when hissed he and it followed eyes yellow Crookshanks’s
 tapestry. the of bites take to attempting and snarling room, common the around zoomed It
 student. fourth-year the from taken had Hermione Frisbee Fanged the with playing began and uncomfortable little a looked Ron
friends…” their in letting or faces, old the playing kept just Captains because now before ruined been have teams Good
 there. out me than better much someone there’s know, you all “For
 warningly. said she that,” like off start mustn’t “You
years…” five for play you watched I out, try to need don’t “you Harry, said stupid,” be “Don’t
trials!” call you when me “Tell
 chest. Harry’s on badge Captains the at pointing over, called she done,” well that, get you’d thought “I
 year. first his in joined had Harry that team Quidditch Gryffindor original the of member remaining only the Bell, Katie including years, seventh dozen half a from apart empty was which room, common the to returned They
lunch…excellent.” after break…and after period free a now…and period free a got “we’ve schedule, his ar gazing delightedly, Ron said “Look,”
together. table the left them of two the and Harry, as subjects same the do to cleared was Ron later, minutes few A
leisure.” your at trials up fix can you and course due in you to list the pass shall I
 team. Quidditch Gryffindor the for names their down put already have hopefuls twenty way- the by Oh,
 schedule. your is here Potter, well, “Very
 McGonagall. Professor said some,” you lend to able be will Slughorn Professor sure “I’m
anything-.” or ingredients any or books the buy didn’t I “but Harry, said “Yes,”
Potions?” with proceed to wish you Do
 O.W.L. at Expectations’ ‘Exceeds with students N.E.W.T. accept to happy perfectly is however, Slughorn, Professor
 subject. the teaching was Snape Professor when did you so “And
Professor.” O.W.L., my in ‘Outstanding’ an get to had I me told you but was, “It
Auror?” an become to ambition your was it thought I
 Potions? with continue to applied you haven’t why Now,
 pleased. very Potter, mark, Transfiguration your with pleased was I say, must I
 fine. Transfiguration…all Herbology, Arts, Dark the Against Defense “Charms,
Harry. to turned she as notes her consulting McGonagall, Professor said Potter…” Potter, “So,
crestfallen. slightly looking later minutes five Divination for off set Parvati
Trelawney.” Professor by taken being is year sixth “The
 Divination. of subject the despised she that knowledge common was it voice; her in disapproval of hint a McGonagall, Professor said year,” this them between classes dividing are Trelawney Professor and “He
Divination. teaching still was centaur, handsome the Firenze, whether was question first whose Patil, Parvati to next turned McGonagall Professor
Neville. to classes, new his of details carrying now it, handed and wand her of tip the with schedule blank a tapped McGonagall Professor face, Neville’s on incredulity delighted of look the at slightly Smiling
 worthless.” necessarily not is subject the O.W.L., Charms her failed she because just that her reminding line a Augusta drop shall I “and McGonagall, Professor said Charms,” “Take
Neville. mumbled option,” soft a is Charms thinks grandmother “My
 Charms?” in N.E.W.T. a for try not why - however Charms in Expectations’ ‘Exceeds an have you that see I
 class. N.E.W.T. my into you let cannot I but Longbottom, sorry, “I’m
before. compliment a him paid never had McGonagall Professor confusedly; blinked and pink very turned Neville
Ministry.” the at happened what after particularly - have to ought she thinks she one the than rather got, she’s grandson the of proud be to learned grandmother your time high “It’s
 McGonagall. Professor snorted “Hmph,”
wants.” grandmother “my about something muttered and miserable looked Neville
it.” enjoyed particularly you that impression the had never I’ve
 anyway? Transfiguration, with continue to want you do “Why
spectacles. square her through him at peered McGonagall Professor
 head. his hung Neville
coursework.” the with cope to able be you’d think don’t Just
 level. N.E.W.T. to continue to enough good isn’t really ‘Acceptable’ an but Longbottom, sorry, I’m
 Transfiguration. is problem the But
 Expectations.’ ‘Exceeds with Arts Dark the Against Defense for qualify you And
 O.W.L. ‘Outstanding’ an with back you see to delighted be will Sprout “Professor
 said. she fine,” “Herbology,
results. O.W.L his consulted then and application his down looked McGonagall Professor as anxious was face round his out; sort to longer little a took Neville
 ado. further without class Runes Ancient period first a to off shot and Potions, and Runes, Ancient Arithmancy, Herbology, Transfiguration, Arts, Dark the Against Defense Charms, with continue to cleared immediately was Hermione
N.E.W.T.s. chosen their with continue to grades O.W.L. necessary the achieved had everybody that confirm to first needed McGonagall Professor for year, this usual than complicated more was schedules class of distribution The
 table. staff the from descent McGonagall’s Professor awaiting places, their in remained they eaten, had they After
later. minutes ten table staff the left he when half-heartedly only wave cheery his returned and eye Hagrid’s avoided They
 Creatures. Magical of Care continue to want would year their in nobody that well perfectly knew They
 need. no was there answered; Hermione nor Harry Neither
N.E.W.T.?” to on go to going anyone’s reckon D’ya
 subject. stupid the liked we thinks he But
 Hagrid. like we because classes in effort most the made who ones the were “We
 whole. egg fried entire an swallowing Ron, said innit?” though, it, “That’s
enthusiasm?” know…any expressed…you us of any has when mean, “I
distressed. looking said, she Creatures!” Magical of Care continue we’d think really can’t he “But
 evening. previous the Hagrid with conversation embarassing their about Hermione told Ron and Harry bacon, and eggs and porridge into tucked they While
 windows. mullioned high the through visible sky of squares the like just clouds, wispy frail, with streaked and blue serenely was Hall Great the of ceiling The
himself. with pleased rather looked Ron
 shoulder. her over Ron at back glancing them, passed she as laugh to continued She
 amusing. highly remark Ron’s found apparently had Brown Lavender giggle; loud a by drowned was remonstration Hermione’s
these.” of one wanted always I’ve “Excellent,
grip. Hermione’s from Frisbee the tugged then vanish, to him for waited Ron
 friends. his after off took and arm, her under ducked Frisbee, snarling the over handed boy scowling The
 sternly. him told she over,” it hand banned, Frisbees “Fanged
hand. his in tightly clutched disk lime-green a with her past push to attempting was who year, fourth passing a halting and arm an out throwing Hermione, said it!” “Hold
reckon.” I loss, real a be to going “Today’s
 Ron. said today,” not but “Yeah,
corridor. the down off set they as Hermione, said Ron!” studying, for time that need to going “We’re
relax.” and here up sit just can we when periods Whole
 year. this time free getting be to going we're And
 year. sixth a being love “I
 sniggered. Ron
 alarm. in hole the of out toppled and scarlet turned promptly friend, his to hand his behind Harry about something muttering been had who boy, The
 hole. portrait the of out climb to queue the joined they as boy first-year minuscule particularly a at snapped Ron point,” to rude “It’s
hands. their behind whispering and him at staring mention to not conversation, his to in listen to trying were people many so because point, the press not could he but Harry, said “Exactly,”
tell…” to lie big a that’s is…but he than important more seem himself make to Malfoy like be would know…It don’t “I uncertainly, said she “Well,”
anything. say could Hermione before quickly, Ron interjected he?” wasn’t Parkinson, for off showing obviously was he “But
Express. Hogwarts the on saying Malfoy overheard had he what Hermione telling in time no lost Harry theory, his in support some for Hoping
 morning. next breakfast before room common the in Hermione met Ron and Harry
