do. to what somehow, knew, Harry
worried. looking but sneer, to trying Malfoy, said yeah?" "Oh,
broom!" that off you knock I'll "or called, Harry here," it "Give
stunned. looked Malfoy
midair. in Malfoy face to sharply broomstick his turned He
Ron. from whoop admiring an and ground the on back girls of gasps and screams heard and higher, even it take to little a up broomstick his pulled He
wonderful. was this easy, was this -- taught being without do could he something found he'd realized he joy fierce of rush a in -and him behind out whipped robes his and hair, his through rushed air soared; he up up, and ground the against hard kicked and broom the mounted He
ears. his in pounding was Blood
her. ignored Harry
trouble." into all us get you'll -- move to not us told Hooch "Madam
Granger. Hermione shouted "No!"
broom. his grabbed Harry
Potter!" it, get and "Come called, he oak an of branches topmost the with level Hovering
well. fly could he lying, been hadn't He
off. taken and broomstick his onto leapt had Malfoy but yelled, Harry here!" it "Give
tree?" a up -- about how -- find to Longbottom for somewhere it leave I'll think "I
nastily. smiled Malfoy
watch. to talking stopped Everyone
quietly. Harry said Malfoy," here, that "Give
up. it held he as sun the in glittered Remembrall The
him." sent gran Longbottom's thing stupid that "It's
grass. the of out something snatching and forward darting Malfoy, said "Look!"
Parvati." crybabies, little fat like you'd thought "Never
girl. Slytherin hard-faced a Parkinson, Pansy said Longbottom?" for up sticking "Ooh,
Patil. Parvati snapped Malfoy," up, "Shut
in. joined Slytherins other The
lump?" great the face, his see you "Did
laughter. into burst Malfoy than earshot of out they were sooner No
him. around arm her had who Hooch, Madam with off hobbled wrist, his clutching tear-streaked, face his Neville,
dear." on, Come
'Quidditch.' say can you before Hogwarts of out be you'll or are they where brooms those leave You
wing! hospital the to boy this take I while move to is you of "None
class. the of rest the to turned She
get.". you up right, all it's -- boy on, "Come
mutter. her heard Harry wrist," "Broken
his. as white as face her Neville, over bending was Hooch Madam
sight. of out and forest forbidden the toward lazily drift to started and higher, and higher rising still was broomstick His
heap. a in grass the on facedown lay Neville and crack nasty a and thud a -- WHAM -- and broom the off sideways slip gasp, him saw away, falling ground the at down look face white scared his saw Harry
feet. twenty -- feet twelve -- bottle a of out shot cork a like up straight rising was Neville but shouted, she boy!" back, "Come
lips. Hooch's Madam touched had whistle the before hard off pushed ground, the on left being of frightened and jumpy and nervous Neville, But
--." two -- three -- whistle my On
slightly. forward leaning by down back straight come then and feet, few a rise steady, brooms your "Keep
Hooch. Madam said hard," ground, the from off kick you whistle, my blow I when "Now,
years. for wrong it doing been he'd Malfoy told she when delighted were Ron and Harry
grips. their correcting rows the down and up walked and end, the off sliding without brooms their mount to how them showed then Hooch Madam
ground. the on feet his keep to wanted he that clearly too only said that voice Neville's in quaver a was there Harry; thought afraid, were you when tell could horses, like brooms, Perhaps
all. at moved hadn't Neville's and ground, the on over rolled simply had Granger's Hermione
did. that few the of one was it but once, at hand his into jumped broom Harry's
shouted. everyone "UP!"
'Up!'" say "and front, the at Hooch Madam called broom," your over hand right your out "Stick
angles. odd at out stuck twigs the of some and old was It
broom. his at down glanced Harry
up." hurry on, Come
broomstick. a by stand "Everyone
barked. she for?" waiting all you are what "Well,
hawk. a like eyes yellow and hair, gray short, had She
arrived. Hooch, Madam teacher, Their
left. the to slightly flew always or high, too flew you if vibrate to started them of some that saying brooms, school the about complain Weasley George and Fred heard had Harry
ground. the on lines neat in lying broomsticks twenty were so and there, already were Slytherins The
distance. the in darkly swaying were trees whose forest, forbidden the to grounds the of side opposite the on lawn flat smooth, a toward lawns sloping the down marched they as feet their under rippled grass the and day, breezy clear, a was It
lesson. flying first their for grounds the onto steps front the down hurried Gryffindors other the and Ron, Harry, afternoon, that three-thirty At
him. behind Goyle and Crabbe with away sloped he and said, he looking," "Just
table. the on back Remembrall the dropped quickly Malfoy Scowling,
Professor." Remembrall, my got "Malfoy's
on?" going "What's
flash. a in there was school, the in teacher any than quicker trouble spot could who McGonagall, Professor but Malfay, fight to reason a for hoping half were They
feet. their to jumped Ron and Harry
hand. his of out Remembrall the snatched table, Gryffindor the passing was who Malfoy, Draco when forgotten he'd what remember to trying was Neville
something..." forgotten "You've scarlet, glowed suddenly had Remembrall the because fell, face His
oh..." -- red turns it if and this like tight it hold you Look,
do. to forgotten you've something there's if you tells this -- things forget I knows "Gran
explained. he Remembrall!" a "It's
smoke. white of full be to seemed which marble, large a of size the ball glass a them showed and excitedly it opened He
grandmother. his from package small a Neville brought owl barn A
table. Slytherin the at gloatingly opened he which home, from sweets of packages him bringing always was owl eagle Malfoy's
course. of notice, to quick been had Malfoy that something note, Hagrid's since letter single a had hadn't Harry
mail. the of arrival the by interrupted was lecture Hermione's when pleased very was else everybody but later, broomstick his to on hang him help might that anything for desperate word, every her to on hanging was Neville
Ages. the Through Quidditch called book library a of out gotten she'd tips flying with stupid all them bored she Thursday on breakfast At
tried. hadn't she that not -- book a of out heart by learn couldn't you something was This
was. Neville as flying about nervous as almost was Granger Hermione
ground. the on feet both with even accidents of number extraordinary an have to managed Neville because reason, good had she'd felt Harry Privately,
one. near him let never had grandmother his because life, his in broomstick a on been never had Neville
move. players the make to trying team, soccer Ham West of poster Dean's prodding Ron caught had Harry
fly. to allowed was one no where ball one only with game a about exciting was what see couldn't Ron
soccer. about dormitory, their shared who Thomas, Dean with argument big a had already had Ron
constantly. Quidditch about talked families wizarding from Everyone
broom. old Charlie's on glider hang a hit almost he'd time the about listen who'd anyone tell would Ron Even
broomstick. his on countryside the around zooming childhood his of most spent he'd it, told Finnigan Seamus way the though: one, only the wasn't He
helicopters. in Muggles escaping narrowly him with end to seemed always that stories boastful long, told and teams Quidditch house the on getting never years first about loudly complained He
lot. a flying about talk did certainly Malfoy
talk." all that's bet I but Quidditch, at is he good how about on going always Malfoy's know I "Anyway,
reasonably. Ron said yourself," of fool a make you'll that know don't "You
else. anything than more fly to learning to forward looking been had He
Malfoy." of front in broomstick a on myself of fool a make To
wanted. always I what "Just
darkly. Harry said "Typical,"
together. learning be would Slytherin and Gryffindor and -- Thursday on starting be would lessons Flying
groan. all them made that room common Gryffindor the in up pinned notice a spotted they until didn't they least, at Or
much. Malfoy with up put to have didn't they so Slytherins, the with Potions had only Gryffindors first-year Still,
Malfoy. Draco met he before was that but Dudley, than more hated he boy a meet would he believed never had Harry
